Hi,
Are you able to access and are the info what you were looking for? 
BR
Guanglin
 
From:
 SI, Guanglin 
Sent:
 Monday, May 26, 2025 10:31 AM
To:
 TSOTRAS, Antonios <antonios.tsotras@marlink.com>; Team RCS MGMT <Team.RCS_MGMT@marlink.com>
Subject:
 RE: SLA Dashboards
 
Hi guys, 
FYI, below is available for another 1 day. 
There could be a licensing issue if you have already trialed Power BI before. Then you won’t have any trial available to Power BI Pro features and may see a blank page in that case.
We can sort that out with IT team later. 
BR
Guanglin
From:
 SI, Guanglin 
Sent:
 Sunday, May 11, 2025 8:33 AM
To:
 TSOTRAS, Antonios <
antonios.tsotras@marlink.com
>; Team RCS MGMT <
Team.RCS_MGMT@marlink.com
>
Subject:
 SLA Dashboards
 
Hi Team,
Below are the two dashboards. Please keep an eye on them to monitor the report accuracy.
TTO  
Dashboard link
TTU  
Dashboard link
All timestamps are in UTC.
TTO:
This updates at 12 AM every day, and consists of two parts:
A table listing all RCS tickets that violated TTO in the past 24 hours
Default TTO is 120 mins,  except 60 mins on CMA and 30 mins on Boskalis. 
Hourly average TTO trend across the last 24 hours
 
This dashboard only monitors tickets created by RCS.
 
Data on 9
th
 May, captured yesterday:
 
Note:
Time reference is based on the email received timestamp (InDateTime)
Timestamps are rounded down to the hour (e.g., 01:59 AM is grouped under 1 AM). This setting can be adjusted later if needed.
Full ticket list can be found on 
Detailed ticket table
, for cross checking.
 
 
TTU 
This report captures TTU every 4 hrs, 6 times a day, and it only checks on “in progress” & unassigned RCS tickets.
Column charts show the longest delay since 
the last ticket action
. 
E.g., at 12 AM UTC 10
th
 May, ticket 1782530 had the longest delay, of 16.2 hrs
Similarly, 4 hrs later, at 4 AM, out of all RCS tickets, ticket 1760491 had the longest delay, of 4.3 hrs 
The 3 delayed tickets are displayed underneath the chart, for cross checking
This dashboard is a collection of 6 induvial reports, each refreshing at different hours, as indicated by “Snapshothour”. 
 E.g., the 3
st
 one, Snapshot 8 means that report updates at 8 AM daily. So, if I check that at 4AM here, then I’m still seeing yesterday’s data, so 0.9 was what we left with 
yesterday
. But if Rasto checks that at 10AM, then that report should have already updated, so it will show what they start with 
today
 
This is the same logic that Merits dashboard uses. E.g., at 12 AM, 1782530 was on the top of our dashboard:
 
Limitations:  
Due to some licensing constraints, TTU dashboard only records the data for last 24 hrs, and we can’t backtrace further or adjust the time frame easily. 
It’s known that above logic may underestimate TTU, since it only checks the last action, not the last customer incoming email. I have made another dashboard based on ticket Changelog  
Dashboard link
, which calculates how long the ticket has been in “In Progress” status, but for now, I suggest use the one above for consistency , as it aligns with how Merits works
 
@TSOTRAS, Antonios
 Your teams are not yet included in these dashboards, as they are under a different Merits Resource ID. If helpful, I can add your team in, or you can refer to my Wednesday email and set up your own version. I’m sure you’ll enjoy that.
Thanks.
BR
Guanglin