Just FYI. Key part highlighted in yellow.
 
BR
Guanglin
 
From:
 VESTBY, Lars <Lars.Vestby@marlink.com> 
Sent:
 Tuesday, June 3, 2025 4:26 PM
To:
 Team RCS MGMT <Team.RCS_MGMT@marlink.com>
Subject:
 FW: INMARSAT SAFETYLINK MIGRATION - LETTER TO DIRECT CUSTOMERS
 
FYI, please inform Your teams, I was unfortunately stuck in may Mailbox for a while.
 
Br
Lars
 
From:
 SERVAT, Frederic <
Frederic.Servat@marlink.com
> 
Sent:
 Wednesday, May 28, 2025 6:36 PM
To:
 HAHNE, Kelly <
Kelly.Hahne@marlink.com
>; VESTBY, Lars <
Lars.Vestby@marlink.com
>; GRENON, Lucas <
Lucas.Grenon@marlink.com
>; EIK OPERATION <
eikvakt@marlink.com
>
Cc:
 ARGANESE, Franck <
Franck.Arganese@marlink.com
>; HOLTRIN, Erik <
erik.holtrin@marlink.com
>; HORVATH, Michal <
michal.horvath@marlink.com
>; FERON, Luc <
Luc.Feron@marlink.com
>; VANDERBECK, David <
David.Vanderbeck@marlink.com
>; STRUWIG, Mighan <
Mighan.Struwig@marlink.com
>; MUBENGA NKONGOLO, Rommel <
Rommel.MubengaNkongolo@marlink.com
>; MOSSELMANS, Yves <
Yves.Mosselmans@marlink.com
>; HAUGERUD, Eirik <
Eirik.Haugerud@marlink.com
>
Subject:
 INMARSAT SAFETYLINK MIGRATION - LETTER TO DIRECT CUSTOMERS
 
Dear Support Team,
We are planning to  send the letter below) to all our Inm-C 
Direct 
Customers by  email tomorrow 
(29/05/2025)
:
This letter will be sent from the 
price.notification@marlink.com
 address to all known customer’s email addresses,
In this letter, we inform all our direct Inm-C customers that we will migrate their terminal to the new Safety Link provisioning tool starting after the 
20th of June, 2025
 ,
If customer does not agree to this migration, we ask them to contact us back via a 
“Contact us” button
 embedded in the email 
(
it will not be
 
 possible to reply to the email sent
),
Contact us button is routed to 
ServiceDesk@marlink.com
,
If a customer contacts Service Desk, we kindly ask RCS to create a  ticket and move it to 
MSS back office
 resource (Kelly’s team).
 
Can you please make sure that your teams are aware and ready to take actions?
Thanks a lot for your support,
Frdric Servat
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Marlink Customer,
 
We hope this message finds you well. 
As part of our continuous commitment to providing the best services and enhanced safety at sea, we have started the migration of all  the Inmarsat-C terminals  registered with Marlink to the new SafetyLink self-service portal since 1
st
 of May,2025 
 
Inmarsat announced the first introduction of this new provisioning tool in July 2024. Since then, we have worked on upgrading our administration tools  and we are now ready to proceed with this migration as per Inmarsat’s recommendations. 
 
We want to remind you that: 
SafetyLink will connect to the ITU Maritime Mobile Access and Retrieval System (MARS) website so radio licensing can be checked by all stakeholders in real time, helping to ensure the validity of the terminal’s registration. 
The vessel owner will be invoiced by Marlink, as their Preferred Land Earth Station Operator (PLESO). 
F
or most of the countries, it will 
no longer be necessary to use a Point of Service Activation (PSA) entity to activate or change any details of the activation. 
Once moved to the SafetyLink portal, your Inm-C terminals will only
 
be able to connect to the Preferred LESO stations, being Marlink Land Earth Station in Aussaguel (LES id21) or Eik (LES id04). This migration will protect Inm-C terminal owners from higher roaming costs. 
Note that the working of the GMDSS distress signal is not impacted by this change.  
 
What if you do not agree with the migration:
If you do not agree that your Inm-C terminals are migrated to SafetyLink, you shall notify Marlink by 
Friday 20
th
 of June 2025
 at the latest. Marlink will not migrate your terminal from ESAS (Inmarsat legacy system) and you will risk higher roaming costs. 
Besides, if your terminal does not migrate to SafetyLink, an additional Inmarsat charge shall then apply at 
ten dollars ($10)
 per terminal per month from 
1
st
 of July 2025
.
This letter shall serve as a price increase notification per Marlink General Terms and Conditions in case you withhold your consent. 
 
 
 
 
What to Expect
Our team is committed to making the transition as seamless as possible. Over the coming weeks, you can reach out to our Inmarsat-C expert team  to get guidance from our  support team throughout the process.
 
How to Prepare
To ensure a smooth transition, we recommend that you:
Review your current Inmarsat-C terminal setup and more specifically that you make sure that your Inmarsat-C terminal uses one of the two Marlink Inmarsat-C Land Earth Station : 
Aussaguel (LES id21) or Eik (LES id04). 
Keep your contact details up to date with our customer service team so that you receive timely updates and assistance.
 
Need Help?
We understand that transitions can sometimes be challenging, and we are here to support you every step of the way. If you have any questions or require further assistance, please do not hesitate to contact our dedicated support team at 
servicesdesk@marlink.com
 .
Thank you for your continued trust in Marlink. We look forward to supporting you through this transition and beyond.
 
 
-----------------------------------------------------
Frdric Servat
Senior Product Manager 
M +33 (0)6 31 64 60 97
E  
frederic.servat@marlink.com
www.marlink.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
Digitally advancing your remote world by creating Possibilities. Anywhere.
 
This message and any attachments are confidential to the company and intended solely for the individual(s) or entity to which it is addressed. If you are not the intended recipient, do not read, copy or distribute the email or any attachments. Please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail.
 