Hi Antonios,
 
Thanks for the info.
 
To the question about wrong personnel, it should be due to the below resource setting in their Merits profile. The affected users need to update that.
 
 
Got a question about Python – I tried that prevously, but human intervention seemed always required, due to 2FA., and I got below login window each time I run the script. Thus, I couldn’t get the script to auto run periodically. 
 
How did you fix that? The server I connect to is we-prd-operations-kpis.database.windows.net. 
 
 
BR
Guanglin
 
From:
 TSOTRAS, Antonios <Antonios.Tsotras@marlink.com> 
Sent:
 Tuesday, May 13, 2025 7:07 AM
To:
 SI, Guanglin <Guanglin.Si@marlink.com>
Subject:
 RE: Power BI Dashboard
 
Good day Guanglin, 
 
First of all, thank you very much for spending time on this for me. It is more that appreciated. 
 
I can understand that that what the report says, is more or less the content of this page per resource:
Assigned Vs Category
 
What is a bit strange is that for HRS and CG Service Desk, the report includes persons out of the team (for example
in HRS it shows a KAM in the list – Prodromos Flitzanis) 
 
or persons that left the company quite some time ago (for example Aikaterini Bari)
 
From my side I wrote a python script (no surprise here 
😃
) to mine some data from Merits from the URL: 
https://merits.marlink.com/tss/product/resource/report/default.cfm?page=4&resourceid=128
 
Once I am logged in, and press enter on cmd (as per above) I get a graph for the opened and closed cases for the past 10 days, something like this:
Quite helpful for me as it gives a good insight into the workload evolution and the nature of the cases (the script updates the graph every 1minute)
 
Now in regards to Graphana, no I haven’t created those graphs. Those are actually available via this URL: 
https://mon.marlink.com/d/-UtCt6J4z/ticket-overview?orgId=1
 
and you can select your desired resource and period to be presented 
😉
 
 
Thank you,
-----------------------------------------------------
Tsotras G. Antonios
Technical / Support Manager
MarlinkCG
2 Kantharou Street
185 37 Piraeus, Greece
T      +30 210 94 00 377 (Option 2)
AoH +30 697 697 97 64
E     
antonios.tsotras@marlink.com
-----------------------------------------------------
For all the support matters please use always our 
support.cg@marlink.com
 
For urgent matters during non working Greek hours, Weekends or PH please contact us
over the phone (+30 210 94 00 377).
 
From:
 SI, Guanglin <
Guanglin.Si@marlink.com
> 
Sent:
 Wednesday, May 7, 2025 07:20
To:
 TSOTRAS, Antonios <
Antonios.Tsotras@marlink.com
>
Subject:
 Power BI Dashboard
 
Hi Antonios,
 
I have shared the below dashboard with you via a separate email, and you can take a look to see if this is what you need. It is scheduled to run at 8AM UTC daily.
Data are from database ‘tss-subscriber-prd’  at server ‘we-prd-operations-kpis.database.windows.net’. You can request for the access from IMSD, then you can use power BI to build such reports. 
 
The above dashboard is for monitoring the ongoing tickets. If you want to see how workload is distributed in a longer term, then we can check how many tickets each member closes too. Right now, I use the attached excel, but we should be able to make a dashboard rather easily.
 
A limitation I face is, that SQL database doesn’t have historical statistics. E.g., I can check how many open tickets we have now, but not yesterday. Thus, it’s difficult to show the changing trend. It seems you managed to solve that with Grafana. Did you build those dashboards by yourself? I tried that, but don’t have the access. Do you know where the data source is or how I should talk to for such access?
 
Thanks.
 
 
 
BR
Guanglin
 