Thanks. Appreciated. 
😊
 
BR
Guanglin
 
From:
 TRABBOLD, Thales <Thales.Trabbold@marlink.com> 
Sent:
 Thursday, June 12, 2025 8:32 PM
To:
 SI, Guanglin <Guanglin.Si@marlink.com>
Subject:
 ENC: How to configured factory default D-Link Wi-Fi APs
 
Hi Guanglin,
 
Fowarding to you. I fowarded to Houston RCS, but I'll ask to foward to all RCS.
 
De:
 TRABBOLD, Thales <
Thales.Trabbold@marlink.com
>
Enviado:
 quarta-feira, 11 de junho de 2025 17:45
Para:
 Team RCS Houston <
Team.RCSHouston@marlink.com
>
Assunto:
 How to configured factory default D-Link Wi-Fi APs
 
Hello team,
 
I am sharing a procedure that can help us on a lot of tickets. I am seeing it specially on CMA CGM Tickets - see 
1807331 - CMA CGM Pegasus
 and 
1796621 - CMA CGM Tigris
 as examples.
 
See details of the issue:
Customer usually reaches us complaining about the Wi-Fi network (low performance, frequent disconnections and others).
Starting the troubleshoot, we check that there is some Wi-Fi APs that cannot be reached on the network. We ask customer to restart, check MACs, and more...
 
This issue is caused because the Wi-Fi APs returned to the factory default IP (192.168.0.50) or even returned to all factory settings after a power cycle. Since vessel have at least three APs, they started to conflict between them because of the equal IP, leading to disconnections and other issues.
 
See below the procedure to access the Wi-Fi APs over their factory IP and restore their access over the LAN2 configured network (note that this procedure will lead to total disconnection of the Wi-Fi network on the vessel over the time spent on the configurations - around 1h, depending on the connection speed).
 
Access the vessel's  XChange Box URA. Access the XChange Web page and go to 
Box Settings -> Network -> LAN/WAN
.
Create a new temporary LAN calles APs, like below:
Now, assign this LAN to the LAN2 interface and restart the XChange Box.
NOTE¹
 - 
DO NOT
 make this configuration over the Start Wizard, since it can change the decides priorities.
NOTE²
 - You can do this kind of configuration on XChange v5.4.0 and v5.5.0 too, but you need to save all LAN2 configurations before the change, since the function of create several separated LANs only arrived on v5.6.0.
 
After the restart, access the XChange Box again. Go to the internet browser and access the AP web page over the IP 192.168.0.50:
The User Name is always 
admin
. password can be 
stddzWIFI 
or 
stddzWIFI2020 
(most actual one) or leave password blank.
 
At the left menu, go to 
Basic Setting -> LAN
. Select Static IP and set an IP on the LAN2 that is free (In this case, 10.0.2.111) and click save. 
NOTE 
-
 DO NOT
 set DHCP. If you set DCHP now, it will try to get an IP and it will not find and return to the factory IP.
 
IMPORTANT!!!
 - After that, go to 
Configuration 
and click 
Save and Activate
. The AP will restart.
If you don't click on Save and Activate, the AP will not save the configuration to the flash memory and after a power cycle, these setting will be lost.
 
If there is more then one AP with the factory default IP, reload the page with 192.168.0.50 and you will access the next one. Repeat the steps 4, 5 and 6 and set another fixed IP (10.0.2.112, for example) to this new AP. Keep doing that until you do not find any APs on this network anymore. You can let a command prompt window with the command "ping 192.168.0.50 -t" running to see if you can still find any AP on the network.
 
After you set them, return to the XChange Web Page and return the LAN2 to the LAN2 interface
After that, delete the AP LAN previously created:
Restart the XChange again.
 
After the restart, the APs will be accessible correctly now. Access them over the new IP address set, change the password to stddzWIFI2020 and configured just as the commissioning guide 
"20200323 XChange WiFi configuration manual v12.5.pdf"
.
Do not forget to click 
Save and Activate
 at the end of the configuration!!!
 
With these steps, you will standardize the Wi-FI APs configuration at the vessel and eliminate the IP conflict between them. 
 
If you have any doubts regarding this procedure, let me know 
🙂
 
-----------------------------------------------------
Best Regards
Thales Trabbold
RCS Support Engineer - Rio de Janeiro
 
 
Digitally advancing your remote world by creating Possibilities. Anywhere.
 
This message and any attachments are confidential to the company and intended solely for the individual(s) or entity to which it is addressed. If you are not the intended recipient, do not read, copy or distribute the email or any attachments. Please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail.
 