Intellian GX Maritime Terminal | Intelliantech
Inmarsat GX Maritime Terminals
Global Xpress
Powerful. Innovative. Future-Proof.
Inmarsat GX Maritime Terminals
Overview
Product Range
Key Features
Market Sectors
Fleet Xpress Service
Image Gallery
Product Portfolio
Where to Buy
Overview
Introducing the all new GX terminals for the Inmarsat Fleet Xpress service
Intellian NX Series GX Terminals deliver the high data speeds enabled by the Inmarsat Global Xpress Ka- band network. Fleet Xpress is the combination of the Global Xpress network, with the proven reliability of the FleetBroadband L-band service. The GXNX Series provides a futureproof, unrivalled performance and reliable solution to support increasing data demands for the maritime industry, across all sectors including commercial shipping, fishing, energy, government and yachting. Intellian empowers connectivity, bringing simplicity to satellite communications with advanced technology.
Product Range
Fleet Xpress systems
A complete range of standard and High Power Intellian GX terminals, along with Intellian's FB250 or FB500, deliver the best possible performance for the Inmarsat Fleet Xpress service.
Key Features
World's most deployed GX terminal
Intellian GX terminals are chosen the most by global customers for their unrivalled performance, quality and reliability.
What is Fleet Xpress service?
Inmarsat's
Fleet Xpress
combines the high data speeds of the award-winning
Global Xpress Ka-band network
with the proven reliability of the
L-band network
, ELERA, to offer unrivalled speed, continuous connectivity, and guaranteed performance for true global mobility.
The FB250 and FB500 have been engineered to perfectly complement Intellian’s highly successful
GXNX series of Ka-band terminals
, creating the most innovative FX product offering on the market.
Higher throughput supported
The GXNX Series provides a futureproof, unrivalled performance and reliable solution to support increasing data demands for the maritime industry.
The high powered GX60NX 2 HP and GX100NX 2 HP models, which feature our new 9W Ka-band transceiver (XCVR) and feedhorn supporting dual-polarisation and wide-band (2.5Ghz) Ka, support Inmarsat’s highest bandwidth plans, which are specifically designed for the Superyacht, Energy and Cruise sectors.
All-in-One below deck terminal
Only Intellian provides a below deck terminal fully integrated into a single 1U, 19” rack module.
Reduced installation time & cost
GX modem, GX mediator included
Turnkey solutions
Intellian factory-built Fleet Xpress rack systems include Inmarsat’s Network Service Device and associated components. Everything is shipped pre-integrated, pre-tested, and pre-commissioned for rapid installation.
Single Configuration
Single coax cable between ADU and BDU
Auto cable compensation
One touch commissioning
Reduced installation time and costs
Provides DC power from BDU
Dual GX antenna configuration
Intellian's BDT (Below Deck Terminal) incorporates Dual Antenna Mediator functionality, enabling seamless switching between two Intellian VSAT antenna systems. The BDT requires only a second ACU for full dual antenna operations, eliminating the need for extra hardware such as a separate mediator, RF splitters, or cables, ensuring minimal points of failure, simplifying the installation, and lowering the overall cost to the customer.
Market Sectors
Maritime markets we support
The Maritime satellite communication products have been developed to offer a product to suit all customer needs and demands within the Maritime industry. Vessel sizes and communication requirements are varied and the Intellian product line has solutions to meet all these unique demands.
Explore our Markets
Fleet Xpress Service
Learn more about Inmarsat Fleet Xpress Service
A quick video highlighting key features and strengths.
Watch the video
Image Gallery
View thumbnails
Carousel view
Product Portfolio
View all Products
GX60NX 2/GX60NX 2 HP
Explore Product
GX100NX 2/GX100NX 2 HP
Explore Product
Accessories
Satellite Communication Accessories
Fleet One
Explore Product
FB250
Explore Product
FB500
Explore Product
View all Products
We’re here to help
Need satellite communications for your vessel?
Our knowledgeable team can help you find the best connectivity solution for your business.
Find out more
Where to Buy
Find an Authorized Intellian Reseller
Regardless of your vessel size, company size or industry – our partners can help you buy, build, implement, service, support and run the Intellian total solution that best fits your unique needs. Find a trusted professional to work with today.
Where to Buy