Intellian LP100 - Mil-Spec VSAT | Intelliantech
LP100
A Rugged, Lightweight, Man Portable, Quick Deployable Satellite Land Terminal
Lightweight, man portable, flyaway antenna with a 1m reflector. Quick to deploy in under five minutes. Packed compact enough to fit in two backpacks for ease of deployment to theatre with automatic satellite acquisition to find the required satellite quickly and efficiently.
LP100
Key Features
Product Video
Specifications
Related Products
Where to Buy
Key Features
Portable Yet Stable Solution
LP100 is lightweight, rugged, and portable. Supplied in either two hard cases or two soft casebacks, protecting the antenna system from harsh transport conditions in theater or air transport.
Fail-Safe Operation with Manual Pointing
Designed to offer fail-safe operation in event of an unpredictable environmental power failure on site. Manual pointing operation is also supported with the “P” button.
Rapid Setup
LP100 provides easy and quick deployment through modular assembly that can be completed in a few minutes. Requiring no tools, the antenna can be built in the dark as each reflector section is interchangeable.
Dual Power Input AC/DC
With the dual power input capability option, the LP100 can operate on AC power, or DC power from a vehicle.
Product Video
Learn about the Mil-Spec LP100 Land Series
A quick video highlighting product features and capability.
Watch the Video
Land Portable Auto-Acquisition Satellite VSAT System
Lightweight Man Portable Flyaway Antenna with a 1m reflector
Designed for rapid deployment of high speed satellite communication networks for use in Defense, Disaster Recovery, Homeland Security, Law Enforcement, Emergency Response, Media, Telemedicine, Insurance, Remote office, Energy and Mining
Quick to deploy in under five minutes and is packed compact enough for ease of transport.
Automatic satellite Acquisition to find the required satellite efficiently
The Intellian LP100 will Help Complete the Mission
Designed to survive in the harshest of conditions while still delivering reliable communications.
Highly portable with fast deployment ensures an in-theater operator can be online quickly
Light weight for ease of deployment, man portable in two protective backpacks, yet rugged enough to withstand the harsh handling of a military environment.
Can be managed using the Intellian Aptus platform, providing the ability to remotely manage and control the LP100 system through Aptus, using a simple one click process to provide system monitoring and support
Specifications
Mil-Spec VSAT
Radome Dimension
N/A
Reflector Diameter
105 cm (41.3 inch)
Antenna Weight
47 kg
TX Frequency
13.75 GHz ~ 14.5 GHz
RX Frequency
10.95 GHz~12.75 GHz
TX Gain
41.0 dBi
RX Gain
39.5 dBi
G/T
18.4 dB/K (min.)
Mil-Spec VSAT
LP100
Datasheet
Download Latest
LP100
Image library
Download Latest
Our Mil-Spec Specialists are here to help
Need Military specialized satellite communications products?
Our knowledgeable team can help you find the best connectivity solution for your business.
Send Inquiry
Related Products
View all Products
v100PM
Explore Product
GX100PM
Explore Product
X130D PM
Explore Product
View all Products
Where to Buy
Find an Authorized Intellian Reseller
We sell through a global network of authorized Intellian resellers. Regardless if you need fixed, COTM or COTP connectivity, our partners can help you buy, build, implement, service, support and run the Intellian total solution that best fits your unique needs.
Where to Buy