OW70M - Eutelsat OneWeb dual parabolic user terminal for Maritime | Intelliantech
OW70M
Eutelsat OneWeb maritime dual parabolic user terminal
The OW70M is the first maritime user terminal for use on Eutelsat OneWeb’s Low Earth Orbit (LEO) network. It has a 73cm reflector and G/T of 12.2 dB/K. It provides assured tracking capability even in the harshest of sea conditions, delivering for customers across all maritime sectors, the highest performance and data throughput demands.
OW70M
Key Features
Specifications
Downloads
Where to Buy
Key Features
Low Latency, Fast Speed
Providing global coverage (including both poles) Eutelsat OneWeb’s 648 satellite constellation will provide fibre-like high speed, low latency connectivity to remote customers where terrestrial fibre connections are not possible. The OW70M operates in Ku-Band for minimum rain fade and is able to deliver unmatchable high-throughput, low-latency connectivity.
For more details please visit the
Eutelsat OneWeb website
.
High-performance
The technology behind our OW70M dual parabolic antennas integrates complex satellite communications technology into a UT specifically designed to meet the needs of many different maritime sectors including commercial fishing, energy and ferries. With an optimized G/T of 12.2dB/K and 73 cm reflector, the OW70M is able to provide fast-speed, low-latency and high capacity connectivity.
Low Temperature Performance
Utilizing the latest heating device technology, the OW70M provides dependable performance in extremely low temperatures (-40 degrees Celsius). With Eutelsat OneWeb being the only LEO constellation committing to 100% coverage of the poles, you can be assured of optimal connectivity for vessels travelling in both polar regions.
Easily Deployable System
Designed with cost-effectiveness in mind, the OW70M comes pre-assembled and designed for easy installation. With only a single cable needed to provide data and power between above and below deck units, installation time and complexity is significantly reduced.
Seamless Connectivity
The Intellian OW70M provides seamless, undisrupted connectivity through a primary-primary dual dome solution for consistent connection with LEO satellite handovers. Each antenna operates independently offering enhanced flexibility to mitigate blockages and ensure optimal integrity of high-speed data transfer and low latency.
12.2 dB/K antennas with 3 axis stabilization
3 axis stabilization allows seamless tracking of LEO satellites even when the ship is in motion
Full frequency operation on the Eutelsat OneWeb constellations providing a 10.7 – 12.7 GHz Forward link and a 14.0 – 14.5 GHz Return link
Specifications
OneWeb
Radome Dimension
112.2 cm x 96 cm (44.2 x 37.8 inches)
Reflector Diameter
73 cm (28.7 inches)
Antenna Weight (Each)
62 kg | 65 kg  with heating module
TX Frequency
14.0 ~ 14.5 GHz
RX Frequency
10.7 ~ 12.7 GHz
TX Gain
37.8 dBi
RX Gain
36.5 dBi
G/T
12.2 dB/K (@11.8 GHz)
OneWeb
Downloads
OW70M
Datasheet
Download Latest
OW70M
Image library
Download Latest
Where to Buy
Find an Authorized Eutelsat OneWeb Seller
Regardless of your company size or industry – our partners can help you buy, build, implement, service, support and run the Eutelsat OneWeb total solution that best fits your unique needs. Find a trusted professional to work with today.
Where to Buy