Intellian completes parabolic terminal portfolio development for Eutelsat OneWeb, enabling more connectivity solutions for customers across land and sea | Intelliantech
Back to listing
Press Release
Intellian completes parabolic terminal portfolio development for Eutelsat OneWeb, enabling more connectivity solutions for customers across land and sea
Date
12 December 2023
Intellian completes parabolic terminal portfolio development for Eutelsat OneWeb, enabling more connectivity solutions for customers across land and sea
OW130L is the last of six parabolic terminals now available for Eutelsat OneWeb customers
PYEONGTAEK, SOUTH KOREA & LONDON, UK – 12 December 2023
–
Intellian Technologies
, a leading global provider of multi-constellation, feature-rich, future-proof satellite user terminals and communications solutions, and Eutelsat OneWeb, the only GEO-LEO operator in satellite communications, today announce the launch of OW130L for Eutelsat OneWeb customers.
The OW130L will offer a robust, reliable service on Eutelsat OneWeb’s network while also being very tolerant to rain fade and ensuring delivery on the highest Service Level Agreements (SLA).  The dual parabolic terminal is particularly suitable for customers requiring high-capacity connectivity, such as those operating critical national infrastructure.
The announcement is the culmination of a rigorous development process to launch a suite of six parabolic terminals to meet customer demands across Land and Maritime markets. The OW130L joins the Enterprise portfolio which includes the variants of the dual OW70L and the single fast retrace OW50SL, as well as the OW70M and OW50M in the Maritime portfolio.
Speaking on today’s announcement
Eric Sung, CEO
at
Intellian Technologies, said
: “The completion of the OW Series of parabolic terminals is a fantastic milestone. We’ve developed these exceptional Enterprise and Maritime user terminals in close collaboration with the teams at Eutelsat Group, to deliver the highest bandwidth solutions, empowering connectivity of their Maximum Information Rates and Committed Information Rates. In a world increasingly interested in our flat panels for their sleek form factor, parabolic solutions are just as critical as ever and at times better address customer needs. Simply down to the laws of physics, mechanically steered antennas can out-perform flat panels on G/T and EIRP, plus they benefit from impressive throughput over scan. Through the OW Series and Eutelsat Group’s LEO network, customers worldwide gain access to highly resilient, high-capacity, and high-performance capabilities, perfectly tailored to meet their operational requirements.”
Massimiliano Ladovaz, Chief Operations Officer at Eutelsat Group, said,
"Intellian’s user terminals play a vital role in our network infrastructure, facilitating a variety of fixed and mobility services for our partners. The addition of the OW130L is offering our customers yet another robust, reliable user terminal that will harness the best of our network for their connectivity needs. Intellian continues to be a fantastic partner and we look forward to further collaboration with the team.”
About Intellian Technologies, Inc.
Intellian
is driven by a passion for innovation and an agile responsiveness to customer needs. As the crucial link between satellite networks and millions of people on Earth, Intellian’s leading technology and antennas empower global connectivity across oceans and continents, organizations and communities. Strategic thinking, an obsession with quality and a proven ability to deliver enables Intellian to invent for the future, creating mutual success for partners and customers as the world’s connectivity needs evolve. For more information, follow
@intellian
and visit
intelliantech.com
. Intellian Technologies Inc. is listed on the Korean Stock Exchange, KOSDAQ (189300:KS)
About Eutelsat Group
Eutelsat Group
is a global leader in satellite communications, delivering connectivity and broadcast services worldwide. The Group was formed through the combination of the Company and OneWeb in 2023, becoming the first fully integrated GEO-LEO satellite operator with a fleet of 36 Geostationary satellites and a low Earth orbit (LEO) constellation of more than 600 satellites.
The Group addresses the needs of customers in four key verticals of Video, where it distributes more than 6,500 television channels, and the high-growth connectivity markets of Mobile Connectivity, Fixed Connectivity, and Government Services.
Eutelsat Group’s unique suite of in-orbit assets enables it to deliver integrated solutions to meet the needs of global customers. The Company is headquartered in Paris and the Eutelsat Group employs more than 1,700 people across more than 50 countries. The Group is committed to delivering safe, resilient, and environmentally sustainable connectivity to help bridge the digital divide. The Company is listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL) and the London Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL)
share