Intellian Delivers First Production Space Force Hybrid Terminal to the US Navy; ARC-M4 Block 1 (AN/USC-75) Completes WGS certification | Intelliantech
Back to listing
Press Release
Intellian Delivers First Production Space Force Hybrid Terminal to the US Navy; ARC-M4 Block 1 (AN/USC-75) Completes WGS certification
Date
30 September 2024
Irvine California, USA. September 30  2024
–
Intellian Technologies Inc.
, Intellian Technologies, the leading provider of feature-rich maritime satellite communications solutions, announces that the
ARC-M4 Block 1
has received WGS certification, and is known as the AN/USC-75 in the JETDAS system.
The AN/USC-75 is already operationally deployed supporting critical expeditionary missions for its user community.  It is the first tri-band terminal deployed for the surface fleet certified to deliver high-capacity SATCOM services on both commercial and military satellites, supporting four different orbits (GEO/MEO/LEO/HEO).
Completion of the ARC-M4 Block 1 WGS certification is a testament to Intellian’s commitment to provide ultra-high throughput systems for enduring Wideband SATCOM service needs for the US Navy and its allies. The ARC-M4 Block 1 preserves, diversifies, and enhances the US Navy’s continued access to the WGS/DSCS constellations, while embracing the Navy’s focus on Pre-Planned Product Improvements (P3I) strategy to support current and future constellations of interest.
The ARC-M4 Block 1 represents the first modern hybrid Naval terminal, enabling the US and its allies to utilize MILSATCOM/WGS and COMSATCOM assets with a single terminal, providing vastly improved waveform diversity, blockage mitigation technologies, unprecedented ease of use, training, implementation, operations, and superior performance over legacy terminals.
The US Space Force and the DoD CIO have identified “hybrid terminals” as their ultimate goal in fielding next-generation terminals for multi-orbit warfare communications environments because our fighting forces cannot field unique terminals for each and every constellation that the services may want to use.  Originally called “Fighting SATCOM,” the idea is that the US military needs terminals that support the SHF frequencies, waveforms, and their orbits, as at the time of need.  Intellian has delivered that exact system for all maritime environments.
WGS is a high-capacity United States Space Force satellite communication constellation providing X- and military Ka-band services, in partnership with Canadian, Australian, New Zealand, The Netherlands, and a growing list of other partner nation’s Ministries of Defense.
Intellian’s ARC-M4 Block 1 terminal is certified for simultaneous X- and multi-carrier Military Ka-Band operations on WGS and all frequency bands are electronically switched.  The ARC-M4 Block 1 (AN/USC-75) is Intellian’s second wideband terminal approved for use on the WGS satellite constellation by the United States Space Force, Space Delta 8 (USSF), without any stipulations or restrictions
The ARC-M4 Block 1 is certified for use now on WGS, XTAR, SES O3b mPOWER, and Viasat’s Global Xpress (GX) commercial and High Capacity Military Ka-Band payloads. Other constellations of merit are pending approval, including a software update to support HEO orbit.
The Intelligent Mediator 8 (IM8) is a critical component of the WGS certified configuration.  The IM8 provides automated complex blockage mitigation between port and starboard terminals, as well as frequency control, waveform, and orbit mediation and is part of a policy-based connectivity expression and delivery system.  The IM8 is controlled via Intellian’s award-winning AptusNX user interface that simply allows connectivity across multiple arcs, frequencies, and waveforms.
The ARC-M4 Block 1 presents an unprecedented improvement in overall RF performance compared to legacy Navy SHF systems of similar SWAP, such as the CBSP Unit Level Variant (ULV) and the SHF Navy Multiband Terminal (NMT).  More importantly, the ARC-M4 Block 1 is the first no-compromise multi-role maritime terminal in the US Navy’s arsenal supporting multiple missions, operating in multiple roles, on multiple bands simultaneously.
Intellian is pleased to further announce that the ARC-M4 Block 1 is now in volume production and is accepting orders for immediate delivery.
Edward Joannides, VP of Strategy & Business Development for Intellian USA said: “We understand the critical importance that our products provide to the US Government, its coalition and allied Warfighters. Our unwavering commitment empowers resilient communications architectures, giving them the mission agility and mission readiness they need. Obtaining WGS certification is a challenging and rigorous process, and the ARC-M4 Block 1 is testament to our dedication.  Delivering the first hybrid maritime SATCOM terminal to the Navy demonstrates our support for national defense.”
About Intellian Technologies, Inc.
Intellian is driven by a passion for innovation and an agile responsiveness to customer needs. As the crucial link between satellite networks and millions of people on Earth, Intellian’s leading technology and antennas empower global connectivity across oceans and continents, organizations and communities. Strategic thinking, an obsession with quality and a proven ability to deliver enables Intellian to invent for the future, creating mutual success for partners and customers as the world’s connectivity needs evolve. For more information, follow @intellian and visit intelliantech.com. Intellian Technologies Inc. is listed on the Korean Stock Exchange, KOSDAQ (189300:KS)
share