OW50SL - Eutelsat Oneweb | Intelliantech
OW50SL
Eutelsat OneWeb enterprise 9.3 dB/K single parabolic user terminal (UT)
The OW50SL is a fast retrace, single parabolic user terminal (UT) for land, designed for Eutelsat OneWeb's Low Earth Orbit (LEO) network. This single parabolic UT integrates complex satellite communications technology into a design that meets the needs of small, medium and large enterprises.
OW50SL
Key Features
Specifications
Downloads
Where to Buy
Key Features
Eutelsat OneWeb LEO Constellation
Eutelsat OneWeb supplies high speed internet connectivity to every corner of the world, even in the most remote locations. Utilizing its 648 satellite constellation, OneWeb is able to deliver high speed, low latency connectivity to remote customers where other connections are not possible.
For more details please visit the
Eutelsat OneWeb website
Simplified installation
The OW50SL simplifies the deployment and installation process. The lightweight design enables a single-person install, reducing cost and time. The terminal has a single cable connection which carries both data and power between indoor and outdoor units.
Low-temperature performance
Utilizing the latest heating device technology, the OW50SL provides dependable performance in extremely low
temperatures (-40 degrees Celsius). With OneWeb's LEO constellation committing to 100% coverage of the poles, you can be assured of affordable and reliable broadband services for remote customers.
Better performance for customers
The OW50SL delivers 9.3 dB/K G/T with a 53 cm reflector. The terminal's 2 axis stabilization platform enables motion detection accuracy and is specifically designed for deployment by small businesses. The OW50SL is an ideal solution, enabling satellite communication at a reasonable cost.
Fast retrace time
The innovative design of the OW50SL enables LEO satellite handovers with a single parabolic terminal. In less than a second (0.00075), the antenna is able to retrace between a falling satellite and a rising satellite. Additionally, with the keyhole-free design of the OW50SL, the antenna is able to track even when the satellite is directly overhead.
9.3 dB/K antenna with 2 axis stabilization
2 axis stabilization for ease of tracking LEO satellites.
Since the tilted AZ axis has a driving range of +/- 59
˚
based on zenith 0 degree, no separate keyhole avoidance design is required.
Specifications
Eutelsat OneWeb
Radome Dimension
57.7 cm x 73.5 cm (22.7 x 28.9 inches)
Reflector Diameter
53 cm  (20.8 inches)
Antenna Weight (Each)
23 kg (50.7 lbs) | 23.3 kg  (51.4 lbs) with heating module
TX Frequency
14 GHz ~ 14.5 GHz
RX Frequency
10.7 GHz ~ 12.7 GHz
TX Gain
34.9 dBi
RX Gain
33.4 dBi
G/T
9.3 dB/K (@11.8 GHz)
Eutelsat OneWeb
Downloads
OW50SL
Datasheet
Download Latest
OW50SL (image needs to be updated)
Image library
Download Latest
Where to Buy
Find an Authorized Eutelsat OneWeb Seller
Regardless of your company size or industry – our partners can help you buy, build, implement, service, support and run the Eutelsat OneWeb total solution that best fits your unique needs. Find a trusted professional to work with today.
Where to Buy