Satcom VSAT Maritime Terminal  | Intelliantech
VSAT
Empowering
Satellite Communication
VSAT
Overview
Satellite Communication
Where to Buy
FAQ's
Overview
Intellian offers a wide range of high throughput satellite communication antennas, designed to provide a high level of service whatever the weather conditions.
Or range of maritime VSAT parabolic antennas provide high-speed, reliable data communications, Internet access and voice services at sea, enabling a variety of applications and serving a wide range of maritime users, from small yachts to the largest cruise liners, from military patrol craft to the world's largest container ships.
Satellite Communication
NX Maritime VSAT
Compact Maritime VSAT
2.4m Maritime VSAT
Mil-Spec VSAT
XEO Series
Advanced stabilization technology
Intellian's proprietary 3 axis stabilization technology ensures stable and accurate satellite tracking, even in the toughest maritime conditions.
High-performance, multi-frequency capability
Intellian's VSAT antennas provide fast and reliable satellite internet access, allowing users to stay connected while at sea or in remote locations. Our antennas support multiple frequency bands (C, Ku, and Ka-band) to ensure maximum flexibility and compatibility with a wide range of satellite networks.
Multi-orbit and tri-band capable
Our range offers dual-band and tri-band VSAT antenna options, enabling switching between different satellite frequency bands on virtually any satellite network. This provides a multi-band, multi-orbit, high-speed network experience with the fastest and most reliable broadband connectivity.
Compact, lightweight design
Our range of compact VSAT antennas are designed for easy installation and have a small footprint, making them ideal for use on smaller vessels. The compact VSAT solutions also lower the total cost of ownership by reducing freight and installation costs. A single cable connection from the below deck antenna control unit to the antenna helps reduce installation time and complexity.
Easy to install and maintain
Intellian's VSAT antennas are designed for easy installation and maintenance, minimizing downtime and ensuring optimal performance over time. Using the built-in remote management and control software, it is quick to commission a system and manage it remotely. Saving onboard time and costs.
Worldwide support and service
The company's worldwide support and service network ensures that customers receive the best possible service and support throughout the life of their VSAT antenna, ensuring optimal performance and longevity.
Where to Buy
Find an Authorized Intellian Reseller
Regardless of your vessel size, company size or industry – our partners can help you buy, build, implement, service, support and run the Intellian total solution that best fits your unique needs. Find a trusted professional to work with today.
Where to Buy
FAQ's
How does satellite communications work?
Satellite communication is a method of transmitting data and voice using satellites that orbit the Earth. Communication is achieved by using different frequency Bands, including C-Band, Ku-Band, Ka-Band, and L-Band.
A satellite operator owns and manages fleets of satellites strategically placed in orbit, forming a network around the Earth providing global coverage. Types of orbits include low Earth orbit (LEO), medium Earth orbit (MEO) and geostationary Earth orbit (GEO).
Customers can go to an Intellian Authorized Reseller to buy a subscription service to a satellite network best suited for their needs and if they are on land, at sea or in the air, and an Intellian antenna or terminal. The Intellian antenna connects to and from the subscribed network’s nearest satellite in space, enabling access to the service and empowering connectivity.
How do I get internet and Wi-Fi on a boat?
Using satellite communications, you can get internet to your boat and then set up Wi-Fi for everyone on board to access. You will need a subscription to a satellite network service and an Intellian antenna installed which connects to the satellite network, delivering internet from space to the vessel. Part of the installation includes a ‘Below Deck Unit’ which you can use to connect your Wi-Fi router.
Go to Where to Buy and find an Intellian Authorized Reseller, who can start the process today.
What is a VSAT antenna?
A VSAT (Very Small Aperture Terminal) antenna is a type of satellite antenna that is used for two-way satellite communication. VSAT antennas are typically smaller than traditional satellite antennas and have a diameter of around 0.45m to 2.4m, making them suitable for installation on boats or land.
What’s the difference between a satellite dish, antenna, terminal and radome?
Satellite dish: often used as a generic phrase to describe a parabolic shaped reflector which many      satellite communication solutions are.
Antenna: can send and receive satellite communication signals but has a separate modem.
Terminal: can also send and receive satellite communication signals and has an integrated modem.
Radome: the dome-shaped protective device used to house the antenna or terminal.
What are the different types of VSAT antennas?
There are several types of VSAT antennas:
Fixed: These antennas are designed to be permanently installed in one location, like a building. The network operator would have a Fixed Satellite Service (FSS) for these customers.
Mobile: Comms on the move (COTM) antennas are designed to be used while on the move. This can include boats, vehicles, trains. The network operator would have a Mobile Satellite Service (MSS) for these customers.
Portable: Comms on the pause (COTP) antennas are designed to be portable and easy to transport to then unpack and set it in a location for stationary use, before packing up and moving again. They are for temporary communication needs by adventurers, media and governments.
What satellite networks do VSAT antennas work on?
VSAT antennas work on all satellite networks subject to them being Type Approved (certified and allowed by the satellite operator for use on the network). L-Band networks don’t use VSAT antennas because that frequency requires a different type of user terminal.
What are the different Frequency Bands that Intellian’s antennas work on?
Intellian have a range of antennas that work across the spectrum. These include: C-Band, L-Band, Ka-Band and Ku-Band.
Is an antenna easy to install?
Intellian recommend always using a qualified professional who has been trained on how to best install your antenna to ensure a successful installation and not to void your warranty. Installation is typically two phases – the physical aspect of getting the antenna and other hardware safely in place and secured, then configuring the antenna to connect to the satellite network.
Should I service an antenna?
Yes, like all hardware with mechanical parts regular maintenance ensures best results and can help extend the lifespan of your product. A professional service partner will check the antenna for any wear and tear, checking and adjusting the alignment, and checking the cables and connections. Intellian sell spare parts kits to easily replace items that might have accelerated wear.
Are VSAT antennas affected by weather conditions?
In bad weather conditions it’s typically the strength of the satellite network’s signal that gets weakened, known as rain-fade, rather than a VSAT antenna being impacted. This is more common in the higher frequencies such as Ka-Band and Ku-Band. L-Band is notoriously resilient to rain-fade which is why it’s used for safety services.
The curved design of Intellian radomes help prevent rain or snow to settle, which would impact line of sight to the satellite. Intellian antennas have maximum operational temperature ranges, and some have optional heating or cooling solutions to extend the operational temperature range. These are recommended if it’s known that the temperatures in which the antenna will be located could be hitting peak operational range.