OW70L - Eutelsat OneWeb dual parabolic user terminal (UT) | Intelliantech
OW70L
OneWeb dual parabolic user terminal (UT)
The OW70L-Dac is a land-based user terminal for OneWeb's Low Earth Orbit (LEO) satellite constellation. It consists of dual 3 axis stabilized pedestals with 73 cm parabolic antennas providing 12 dB/K G/T performance. By allowing seamless and undisrupted connectivity for LEO handovers, this user terminal gives customers in remote and challenging environments access to a cost effective and enhanced user experience otherwise inaccessible to them.
OW70L
Key Features
Specifications
Downloads
Where to Buy
Key Features
Low latency, fast speed
Providing global coverage (including both poles) OneWeb’s 648 satellite constellation will provide fibre-like high speed, low latency connectivity to remote customers where terrestrial fibre connections are not possible. The OW70L-Dac operates in Ku-Band for minimum rain fade and is able to deliver unmatchable high-throughput, low-latency connectivity. For more details visit the
OneWeb website.
Easily deployable system
Designed with cost-effectiveness in mind, the OW70L-Dac is light in weight and designed for easy installation. With only a single cable needed to provide data and power between indoor and outdoor units, installation time is significantly reduced.
Low-temperature performance
Using an elaborately designed heating device module, the OW70L-Dac ensures steady performance in extremely low temperatures, up to -40 degrees Celsius. OneWeb is the only LEO constellation committing to 100% coverage of Alaska and the OW70L-Dac will ensure people in the Arctic region will have access to affordable and reliable broadband services.
High-performance
The technology behind our OW70L dual parabolic antennas integrates complex satellite communications technology into a simple UT specifically designed to meet the needs of many different sectors including small, medium and large enterprises. The OW70L is small and affordable compared with VSAT but with enhanced performance, it is able to provide fast-speed, low-latency and high capacity connectivity.
LEO satellite scan and tracking algorithm
The Intellian OW70L-Dac provides seamless, undisrupted connectivity through a primary-secondary dual dome solution for consistent connection with LEO satellite handovers. The proven tracking performance can be achieved by precise technology which makes the secondary antenna track a rising satellite before the primary antenna loses a falling satellite.
12 dB/K antennas with 3 axis stabilization
3 axis stabilization allows easy tracking of LEO satellites
A responsive cross-level beam helps to point the antenna in the right direction even when the elevation angle approaches ±90 degrees
'Keyhole problem' avoidance design is implemented in the OW70L-Dac, which in turn enables the antenna to continue tracking normally even when the satellite is directly overhead
Specifications
OneWeb
Radome Dimension
84.5x77 cm (33.3 x 30.3 inches)
Reflector Diameter
73 cm/28.7 inches
Antenna Weight (Primary antenna)
33.0 kg/72.8 Ibs (33.6 kg/74.1 lbs - heating module installed condition)
Antenna Weight (Secondary antenna)
32.0 kg/70.5 Ibs (32.5 kg/71.7 lbs - heating module installed condition)
TX Frequency
14 GHz ~ 14.5 GHz
RX Frequency
10.7 GHz ~ 12.7 GHz
TX Gain
38.4 dBi
RX Gain
36.0 dBi
G/T
12.2 dB/K (@11.8 GHz)
OneWeb
Downloads
OW70L-Dac
Datasheet
Download Latest
OW70L-Dac
Image library
Download Latest
Where to Buy
Find an Authorized OneWeb Seller
We sell through a global network of authorized Intellian resellers. Regardless if you need fixed, COTM or COTP connectivity, our partners can help you buy, build, implement, service, support and run the Intellian total solution that best fits your unique needs.
Where to Buy